11 0 1 *Name: About time.*Name: I was just being mugged back there, and I had to fight my way out. The guard looks at you, looks in the alley way and back at you.  Guard 1: Hmmm….. you’ll need to come with us to talk to the quarter marshelle. 
11 0 2 You start to run away, but with guards all around the area, it doesn’t take them long to tackle you to the ground and cuff you.  A guard that talked to you walks back up to you. Guard 1: Take him to the marshal.  Guard 2: Why? He’s just a thief. Guard 1: Look at him!  Does he look like a common thief?  Probably just a traveller.
11 0 3 *Name: Nothing  The guard looks at you, down the alley way, and back at you.  Guard 1: Cuff him  He tells one of the guards.  The second guard cuffs you  Guard 1: Smart not to run, the marshal will have a word with you. 
11 1 1 *Name: I was attacked Shaun: As the report says so here, from what it looks like.  He taps some paper work with his finger.  Shaun: Well the good news is I haven’t seen you before in here.  Bad news is I haven’t seen you at all before.  However with the lack of evidence, and other well known thieves being the only witnesses I can only give you a warning.  Shaun: You may go.  *Name: Wait I could use your help. Shaun looks at you puzzled. Shaun: With what? You reach in your pocket and show Shaun the letter
11 1 2 Shaun: Nothing?  Fine then.  Well the good news is I haven’t seen you before in here.  Bad news is I haven’t seen you at all before.  However with the lack of evidence, and other well known thieves being the only witnesses I can only give you a warning.  Shaun: You may go.  *Name: Wait I could use your help. Shaun looks at you puzzled.  Shaun: With what? You reach in your pocket and show Shaun the letter Go to show letter below
11 1 3 You toss the letter onto Shaun’s desk. Shaun: What’s this?  Shaun picks up the letter from his desk, opens it and starts to read.  *Name*: That’s a letter from the King.  It is an order to raiders to attack towns to cause fear in the country.  He’s ordering killing of innocent people, his people!  He’s corrupt, and I want to stop him will you help me?  Shaun looks at you.  
11 1 4 You spit in Shaun’s face.  Shaun wipes it from his face.  Shaun: Okay, then.  Guard throw him in jail.  I don’t want to see him again.  Guard 1: Yes sir.  The guard lead you out of the room, back to the wagon, and throws you in. 
11 2 1 Shaun folds the paper.  And puts it in the candle flame.  *Name: What are you doing!?  You yell as you reach for the letter, but the guard grabs you and holds you back.  Shaun: To keep the public from revolting, we need them thinking they need the Kingdom for their own safety.  And if that means killing a few country no bodies then we will do it.  I’ll have to tell the king his last raider’s failed.  Guard.  Guard 1: Yes sir. Shaun: Find a deep dark hole in the prison and put him in there.  He won’t see the day of light again.  *Name: You corrupt scum!  How could you sell out your humanity! You monster!  You yell as the guard pulls you out of the building.  Even though you struggle and fight, eventually more guards come and drag you back into the wagon.  
11 2 2 Shaun: Release him. Shaun ordered the guard. The guard uncuffs you.  Shaun then writes something down.  Shaun: Go to this prison, there are some militia with such proclaims locked up in there.  It will be dangerous, if you are strong enough to break them out they will follow you, and you might be able to defeat the king.  He hands you the name and location of the prison.  Shaun: Good luck, show him out.  *Name: Thank you. Shaun nodes. The guard leads you outside and leaves you to yourself on the street.  You stare at the paper, can I really trust Shaun, can I even break this militia out of prison?  You confidently put the paper in your pocket and start to travel to the prison with the full attention of breaking out an army.  