12 0 1 *Name: We attack the Kingdom now!  The men around you cheer.  After planning where to place the men, the day comes were fights, and riots break out in the city.  As the guards are busy with the riots, you head for the King, with little trouble.  Player has a few encounters with guards. Until you are in the King’s hall.
12 0 2 You suddenly strike down the closes one in front of you.  Everyone around you is shocked but release quickly they are being huge and start to attack you.  Player fights a huge amount of people.  You stab the last man alive, trying to catch your breath, you find a comfortable place to sit and wait. A few hours later guards arrive in front of you, shocked at the sight and you sitting there. *Name: Heard these guys were going to cause trouble for the King, so I took care of them for you.  Guard: The King will want to meet you.  You stand up and follow the guards, to meet the King.
12 0 3 *Name: Relax for a few days and get ready.  I need to train and become stronger.  Your men node and will wait for your order to attack.
12 1 1 *Name: No  You draw out your weapon, ready to fight to the death. King: Very well! The King stands up and charges at you. Player fights the king.  With the final blow to the King, he lays on the floor, blood sipping threw his armor onto the floor. King: Gasp…Gasp…. I… have no …. Regrets.  I … hope… you will keep your morels…. Having POWER changes everyone.  *Name: I will not change, but the world will change for the better.  King: You saw that now… but when people suffer… and they will….. they WILL ALWAYS BLAME YOU.  Hehehe….. have fun with that. You have slain the king.  Suddenly guards run into the room. Guard: Where’s the King? You take the crown off of the Kings head. *name: He’s right here.  You place the crown on your head. *Name: Any problems with that?  The guards stay silent, look at each other, and one by one they bow their heads.    
12 1 2 *Name: No, but I won’t fight you. You stand up straight with your arms by your side, off of your weapon.  King: Why’s that? *Name: Because the people you hurt deserve to see you be brought to justice the right way.  To be punished I’m going to leave, help the people you hurt.  And one day you or one of your men will mess up, then I will have the proof to bring you down, with the people on my side. King: HAHAHA! That is a horrible excuse!  Like some poor tired writer just got lazy and started to write generic shit.  However, it does sound like fun, you trying to expose me for what I am.  Me trying to kill you, sounds very interesting.  Yeah, I like that.  OK *Name, you may go only so you can die on day, in the middle of no where. You turn around and head towards the door.  *Name: You’ll regret not taking this chance to kill me one day. King: We’ll see boy, we’ll see. HeheheHAHAHAHAHAHAMUAHHHH.  You realise you just started a huge game with the King, one you attend to win one day.    
12 1 3 You draw out your sword and kneel with it in front of you.  *Name: How may I serve you my King.       